Added docs for raw_ops functions aliasing (#6679)
unifyai/ivy: docs/partial_source/deep_dive/ivy_frontends.rst

.. code-block:: python

    # in ivy/functional/frontends/tensorflow/math.py
    @to_ivy_arrays_and_back
    def tan(x, name=None):
        return ivy.tan(x)

Likewise, :code:`tan` is also placed under :mod:`math`.
By referring to the `tf.math.tan`_ documentation, we add the same arguments, and simply wrap :func:`ivy.tan` in this case.
Again, we do not support the :code:`name` argument for the reasons outlined above.

**NOTE**

> For The :mod:`tf.raw_ops` many functions posses the same behavior as those of :mod:`tf` namespace except that only the functions from :mod:`tf.raw_ops` takes key-word only arguments.

Reviewer: Those in the `tf` namespace

> Many of the functions in the :mod:`tf.raw_ops` module have identical behaviour to the functions that are generally in the TensorFlow namespace e.g :func:`tf.argmax`, with exception that the functions in the module :mod:`tf.raw_ops` are specified to have key-word only arguments and in some cases there is a difference of argument naming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the functions in the :mod:`tf.raw_ops` module have identical behaviour to functions in the general TensorFlow namespace e.g :func:`tf.argmax`, with the exception of functions in the module :mod:`tf.raw_ops`. However, these functions are specified to have key-word only arguments and in some cases they have different argument names.
```

> Many of the functions in the :mod:`tf.raw_ops` module have identical behaviuor to the functions that are generally in the TensorFlow namespace e.g :func:`tf.argmax`, with exception that the functions in the function in the :mod:`tf.raw_ops` module are specified to have key-word only arguments and in some case there is a naming difference of arguments.

Reviewer: behaviuor - behaviour

Reviewer: with exception that the functions in the function in the - with the exception that functions in the module, :mod:`tf.raw_ops`, are

Reviewer: in some case there is a naming difference of arguments - in some cases there is a difference in argument naming

> For this we have a designed decorator to wrap the :mod:`tf` namespace function to satisfy this behavior. Let's take an example of :func:`tf.math.argmax` and :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax`.

Reviewer: To tackle this disparity in behaviour, the decorator `@map_raw_ops_alias` was designed to wrap these functions that exist in the TensorFlow namespace and reduce the number of implementations necessary.

.. code-block:: python
    
    # in ivy/functional/frontends/tensorflow/math.py
    @to_ivy_arrays_and_back
    def argmax(input, axis, output_type=None, name=None):
        if output_type in ["uint16", "int16", "int32", "int64"]:
            return ivy.astype(ivy.argmax(input, axis=axis), output_type)
        else:
            return ivy.astype(ivy.argmax(input, axis=axis), "int64")

> This function is a frontend ivy implementation of :func:`tf.math.argmax`, the similar function in :mod:`tf.raw_ops` has similar inputs and outputs except the :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax` takes all inputs as key-word only.

Reviewer: This function,` argmax()` is implemented in `tf.math.argmax`. There exists another `argmax()` within the TensorFlow framework, specifically in the `tf.raw_ops submodule. This function has identical behaviour with the exception that all arguments for this function are keyword only.

> Let's take a look on how we can handle such case.

Reviewer: Let's see how we can use `map_raw_ops_alias` to handle this difference

.. code-block:: python

    # in ivy/functional/frontends/tensorflow/raw_ops.py
    ArgMax = to_ivy_arrays_and_back(
        map_raw_ops_alias(
            tf_frontend.math.argmax,

>             kwargs_to_update={"dimension": "axis"},

Reviewer: I would explain that this is a dictionary, and how to use it in the general sense

> This function :func:`argmax` is implemented in the :mod:`tf.math` module of the TensorFlow framework, there exists an identical function in the :mod:`tf.raw_ops` module implemented as :func:`ArgMax`. Both the functions have identical behaviour except the fact that all arguments are passed as key-word only for :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax` and in some corner cases, arguments are renamed such in the case of :func:`tf.math.argmax`, the :code:`dimension` argument replaces :code:`axis`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function :func:`argmax` is implemented in the :mod:`tf.math` module of the TensorFlow framework, there exists an identical function in the :mod:`tf.raw_ops` module implemented as :func:`ArgMax`. Both the functions have identical behaviour except for the fact that all arguments are passed as key-word only for :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax`. In some corner cases, arguments are renamed such as :func:`tf.math.argmax`, the :code:`dimension` argument replaces the :code:`axis` argument. 
```

> This function :func:`argmax` is implemented in the :mod:`tf.math` module of the TensoFlow framework, there exists identical function in the :mod:`tf.raw_ops` module implemented as :func:`ArgMax`. Both the functions have identical behaviour except that all arguments are passed as key-word only for :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax` and in some corner cases, arguments are renamed where :code:`dimension` argument replaces :code:`axis` in case of the :func:`tf.math.argmax` function.

Reviewer: there exists identical - > there exists an identical

Reviewer: Both the functions have identical behaviour except that all -> both the functions have identical behaviour except for the fact that all

Reviewer: arguments are renamed where :code:`dimension` argument replaces :code:`axis` in case of the :func:`tf.math.argmax` function. -> such as the case in :func:`tf.math.argmax`, the :code:`dimension` argument replaces :code:`axis`.

        )
    )

The :func:`tf_frontend.func_wrapper.map_raw_ops_alias` is the one that is wrapping the behavior of :func:`tf_frontend.math.argmax`, change it behavior to receive key-word only arguments.

> In case you are curious to know more about this function wrapper you can find it here: `map_raw_ops_alias <https://github.com/unifyai/ivy/blob/54cc9cd955b84c50a1743dddddaf6e961f688dd5/ivy/functional/frontends/tensorflow/func_wrapper.py#L127>`_ 

Reviewer: The wrapper is implemented here <> in the Ivy codebase.

> The decorator :code:`map_raw_ops_alias` here, takes the existing behaviour of :func:`tf_frontend.math.argmax` as its first parameter, and changes all its arguments to key-word only, with consideration of the argument :code:`kwargs_to_update` is a dictionary indicating all updates in arguments names to be made, in the case of :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax`, :code:`dimension` is replacing :code:`axis`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decorator :code:`map_raw_ops_alias` here, takes the existing behaviour of :func:`tf_frontend.math.argmax` as its first parameter, and changes all its arguments to key-word only. The argument :code:`kwargs_to_update` is a dictionary indicating all updates in arguments names to be made, in the case of :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax`, :code:`dimension` is replacing :code:`axis`.
```

> The decorator :code:`map_raw_ops_alias` here takes the existing behaviour of :func:`tf_frontend.math.argmax` as it's first parameter, and changes all it's arguments to key-word only, with consideration of the argument :code:`kwargs_to_update` passed to it as a dictionary indicating all updates in arguments names to be made, as for the case of :code:`dimension` replacing to :code:`axis` in the :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax` function.

Reviewer: decorator :code:`map_raw_ops_alias` here(,) takes

Reviewer: f :func:`tf_frontend.math.argmax` as **it's** first parameter - f :func:`tf_frontend.math.argmax` as **its** first parameter

Reviewer: and changes all it's arguments to key-word only, -> and changes all it's arguments to key-word only.

Reviewer: with consideration of the argument :code:`kwargs_to_update` passed to it as a dictionary indicating all updates in arguments names to be made -> :code:`kwargs_to_update` is a dictionary indicating all updates in arguments names to be made.

Reviewer: as for the case of :code:`dimension` replacing to :code:`axis` in the :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax` function. -> in the case of :func:`tf.raw_ops.ArgMax` , :code:`dimension` is replaced with :code:`axis`.
